[Music]
hi welcome to hot chocolate hits today
we're combining two breakfasts Oh meal
and pancakes to create some moist soft
fluffy healthy cinnamony pancakes these
are amazing and they taste great with
fruit and they're perfect for Sunday
breakfast so let's get started you want
to start by adding half a cup of whole
wheat flour to a bowl along with 1/3 cup
of quick cooking oats I used two Quaker
kind and a tablespoon of brown sugar for
some sweetness you can use granulated
sugar if you like next add in a teaspoon
of baking powder which makes these
pancakes very fluffy and half a teaspoon
of ground cinnamon for that warm flavor
that goes so well with the oats blend
those ingredients together nicely and
then crack in one whole egg you can also
use two egg whites but I wanted to make
do with the whole egg you also want to
add in half a teaspoon of vanilla
extract for some flavor and two
tablespoons of yogurt you can use any
kind you like Greek yogurt vanilla
yogurt just make sure you add it because
it makes these pancakes very very moist
mix the ingredients together with a
whisk or spoon or a spatula it's a very
basic recipe so it doesn't really matter
in what order you add the ingredients
and I like to start with dry ingredients
so that I can get the baking powder
evenly distributed throughout the batter
now you want to add 2/3 of a cup of milk
stir in the milk just until incorporated
you want to make sure you don't over mix
the pancake batter because that will
result in a tough pancake have your a
pen that I've greased with a little bit
of oil and it's been heating for about
five minutes I'm just going to scoop
mouthfuls of the batteries in an ice
cream scoop so that I get nice even
pancakes and I just like to spread it
out slightly just to make sure that it's
a little bit flatter and more of a
circle shape like pancakes are supposed
to be you essentially want about a
quarter cup of pancake batter for each
pancake cook these babies for about two
to three minutes or until you see those
bubbles pop up on the surface before
flipping and then cook for another 2 to
3 minutes make sure using medium heat as
you can see they're nice and thick and
they're a beautiful golden-brown color
now all that's left is stacking them
high on a plate and piling them with
your favorite toppings my personal
preference
them in some maple syrup I just watch it
dribble down the sides that is what I
call a stack of good pancakes I also
like to add some fresh berries I'm using
blueberries and some frozen raspberries
because that was all those available
serve them also with some butter that's
the best before digging in these
pancakes take no more than 5 to 10
minutes to put together they're really
quick to make the really simple and
they're so soft
cinnamon and oats always go perfect
together especially when you're doing
oatmeal these taste amazing with fruits
and of course you want to put on some
maple syrup and some butter I hope you
enjoyed this recipe for a soft fluffy
pancakes if you do don't forget to post
a photograph on my social media links in
the description down below as always you
can find the recipe on hot chocolate
it's calm don't forget to rate comment
and subscribe and I will see you next
time goodbye
[Music]
you